DBZ-2646 Add k8s deployment doc (#3277)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/kubernetes.adoc

To do so, you need start minikube with the `--insecure-registry` flag:

[source,subs="attributes",options="nowrap"]
----
$ minikube start --insecure-registry "10.0.0.0/24"
----

`10.0.0.1` is the default service cluster IP, so this setup allows pulling images inside the whole cluster.
See https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/registry/#enabling-insecure-registries[minikube documentation] for more details.
You also need to enable `registry` minikube addon:

[source,subs="attributes",options="nowrap"]
----
$ minikube addons enable registry
----

====

== Prerequisites

To keep containers separated from other workloads on the cluster, create a dedicated namespace for {prodname}.
In the remainder of this document, the `debezium-example` namespace will be used:

[source,subs="attributes",options="nowrap"]
----
$ kubectl create ns debezium-example
----

As mentioned above, for the {prodname} deployment we will use Strimzi, which manages the Kafka deployment on Kubernetes.
Please see the https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/latest/deploying.html[Strimzi deployment documentation] for more details on how to deploy Strimzi on your Kubernetes cluster.

> The most simple way is to install Strimzi operator.
> Operators require Operator Lifecycle Manager to be install on your cluster.
> If you don't have it installed, you can install it by:

Reviewer: So Strimzi really _is_ an operator, there's no way to use Strimzi without its operator. I'll reword this slightly:

> This simplest way for installing Strimzi is using the Operator Lifecycle Manager ...

That said, it's a nice improvement!

```suggestion
The simplest way for installing Strimzi is through the https://olm.operatorframework.io/[Operator Lifecycle Manager] (OLM).
If you don't have OLM installed on your cluster yet, you can install it by running the following command:
```

[source,bash]
----
$ cat << EOF | kubectl create -n debezium-example -f -
apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2
kind: KafkaConnect
metadata:
  name: debezium-connect-cluster
  annotations:
    strimzi.io/use-connector-resources: "true"
spec:
  version: 3.1.0
  replicas: 1
  bootstrapServers: debezium-cluster-kafka-bootstrap:9092
  config:
    group.id: connect-cluster
    offset.storage.topic: connect-cluster-offsets
    config.storage.topic: connect-cluster-configs
    status.storage.topic: connect-cluster-status
    # -1 means it will use the default replication factor configured in the broker
    config.storage.replication.factor: -1
    offset.storage.replication.factor: -1
    status.storage.replication.factor: -1
  build:
    output:
      type: docker
      image: 10.110.154.103/debezium-connect-mysql:latest
    plugins:
      - name: debezium-mysql-connector
        artifacts:
          - type: tgz
            url: https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/debezium/debezium-connector-mysql/{debezium-version}/debezium-connector-mysql-{debezium-version}-plugin.tar.gz

>             sha512sum: dff3e1f973ab203490d19337fac65e7545fbd70e3f22555e6ca74b3c734160140cbef5905b9f138f8b56616e0af5a41a8b2b7f09497d9cc62f64863017bdc088

Reviewer: So this represents sort of a problem. I've used the `debezium-version` variable for always showing the current version in the rendered HTML page (this is sourced from _antora.yml_), but this will change the SHA of course. So we probably should add another variable for the SHA which needs updating alongside the version variable upon running the release // CC @jpechane, @Naros

Author: SHA is not mandatory, so another option is we can skip it to make it more easy - with a note that in real usage it should be used (same as with security - for simplicity we skip it)

Reviewer: Ok, ocol. Thx!

As mentioned above, for the {prodname} deployment we will use Strimzi, which manages the Kafka deployment on Kubernetes.
Please see the https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/latest/deploying.html[Strimzi deployment documentation] for more details on how to deploy Strimzi on your Kubernetes cluster.

> The most simple way is to install Strimzi operator.

Reviewer: So Strimzi really _is_ an operator, there's no way to use Strimzi without its operator. I'll reword this slightly:

> This simplest way for installing Strimzi is using the Operator Lifecycle Manager ...

That said, it's a nice improvement!
